duck or goose wah grah I happen to think
the fragra is one of them most delicious
things on earth and one of the 10 most
important flavors in gastronomy and
there are a few nicer things you can do
for your holiday guests and serve them a
delicious unctuous terrine of foie gras
around the holiday season
and yet strangely enough a few twisted
angry people would like to take your
foie gras away these fanatical stealth
vegan extremists believe that the
force-feeding of ducks to plump their
livers is actually cool some are even
vandalizing small businesses threatening
chefs and their families and convincing
gutless politicians to outlaw something
they've never even tried in short they
think foie gras is bad and the people
who raised it sell it and cook it are
evil not so I say to prove it to you I'm
taking you to the Hudson Valley foie
gras farm located in Sullivan County New
York so we can see the process for
ourselves and we won't be alone this
makes me happy
my good friend and legendary supplier of
gourmet provisions to the very best
restaurants Arianda gas will be joining
us Ariana's owner of d'Artagnan a
purveyor of fine foods including foie
gras she's nice she likes animals she's
not evil sois grande the traditional
foods of the Gascony region of france
are in her family history going back
seven generations of chefs and
restaurateurs four guys really in the
tradition of where I come from this is
really what I know we're going to get to
the bottom of this controversy once and
for all
sorry onna tell me a little bit about
the process how old are the Ducks when
the liver has taken well
the decks leave the first nine weeks of
their life in a regular phone together
and then after nine weeks they are taken
inside and there are it's another two to
three weeks and that's where the first
shooting happened three times a day let
let's go see
now the vegan activists who were using
this as a spear point issue is step one
to get all meat BAM would have you
believe that the Ducks are nailed in
place connected to a tube and jammed
full of food for hours until they nearly
explode but this is what it's really
like it takes seconds same feeder every
time done by hand
and quick you see words in the
pay-per-view film on the hotel channel
and that's people for God's sake but
don't take my word for all this let's
ask the experts doctor what's going on
there there you know I see the tube
going down the throat and I know a lot
of people look at that and the first
thing that all the duck must be choking
if the duck were human that would be a
valid concern but we need to remember
that mammals and ducks are not the same
as mammals we have a gag reflex to keep
us from Choky from inhaling something in
our wind pipes all of the waterfall
their windpipe doesn't open in the back
of their throat it opens in the center
of their County when you put the tube
down their throat their time is out past
that - it could be there for hours
they'll breathe and Ducks have a tough
lining in their throat - so the tube
doesn't hurt but but what about the
enlarged liver activists say it's a
painful disease funny they don't concern
themselves with my liver you're feeding
them more than they ordinarily would in
nature it is true that they do store fat
in the liver but this is normal for the
bird family it is not normal for mammals
and this is another very important
distinction quality of life wise this is
hardly you know the house of horrors up
here I mean how bad is it on it is this
cool no not at all these animals are not
stressed in fact there have been studies
in France that actually ducks in a wild
are under more stress than these birds
are in the feeding situation I mean the
better you take care of this doctor
gentler you are occurring for it the
better quality liver is going to have so
basically who eat animals these are the
last thing you want in
in this when you're making good foie
gras I mean come on look at these
happy-go-lucky little guys they love it
here you go quack II don't shove happy
animal equals good quality foie gras
unhappy stressed-out animal equals foie
gras that neither me nor anybody I know
is buying